We stand for peace and order. We shut the door no way and to none. Any nation that
desires to take a hand in this great task is welcome. But mind you, there shall
be no conquest, no oppression, no exploitation under the new order which
we conceive. We are as much against Japan herself committing these iniquities in
the future. We will not be induced to deflect from our sacred cause, whatever
the pressure of whoever the detractor. This in short is the basic attitude of
my government. When I say we must trade in larger currencies, I mean to imply that
rather than quarrel about minor grievances, we should try to look in a big way at the
fundamentals of the situation now confronting us. Japan's idea, the ideal
bequeathed from time immemorial, from the time of the very foundation of the empire, is to enable all nations to take their proper place in the world. It is my humble opinion that the world should be reorganized and reformed in a more rational way as, for instance,
crystals are formed according to the law of nature. Minerals of different natures agree between themselves as to which of them will give way to the other at their junctions and take their permitted
shapes and allotted shares of space, yielding or being yielded to as they build up a perfect crystal. When the international society is crystallized in a similar manner, in accordance with the spirit of justice and equity, then and then only will a genuine and lasting peace prevail throughout the world.
Thank you very much.